# https://www.whois.com/
Every Great Idea Starts with a Great Domain Name
Special Offers »
Whois Lookup »
Get FREE Email, DNS, threat protection and $100 worth of services
.io$58.88$40.88Buy Now
.co$29.88
.life$2.88$32.88
.store$5.88$60.88
Wordpress Hosting

    - Enhanced Performance
    - User Friendly
    - Simplified Dashboard

$3.58
Buy Now
Blazing fast Web Hosting for your Domain

    Unlimited Data Transfer
    Unlimited Email Accounts
    Unlimited Disk Space

    Reliable & Secure
    Powered by cPanel

$3.28 /mo
Buy Now
Hosting Services
Trust your site to one of the Largest Hosting Providers to Small Businesses
Web Hosting
Starting at$3.48/mo

    Unlimited Data Transfer
    Unlimited Email Accounts
    Unlimited Disk Space

View Plans
Email Hosting
Starting at$0.98/mo

    Simple & Powerful
    Inbuilt Virus Protection
    Works on Mobile & Tablets

View Plans
Website Builder
Starting at$1.58/mo

    Quick & Easy to Use
    Choose from 100's of designs
    Build Professional Websites

View Plans
logo

Leading provider of web presence solutions that empower you to establish and grow your online presence.

Learn more About Us
Login or Create an Account
Follow Us
Domains

    Register Domain Name
    Transfer Domain Name
    View Domain Pricing
    Whois Lookup
    Name Suggestion Tool
    Free with Every Domain
    Domain Offers

Hosting & Products

    Linux Hosting
    Windows Hosting
    WordPress Hosting
    Linux Reseller Hosting
    Windows Reseller Hosting
    Dedicated Servers
    Cloud Hosting
    Website Builder
    Business Email
    Enterprise Email
    Google Workspace
    SSL Certificates
    Sitelock
    CodeGuard

Infrastructure

    Datacenter Details
    Hosting Security
    24 x 7 Servers Monitoring
    Backup and Recovery

Support

    View Knowledge Base
    Contact Support
    Report Abuse
    About Whois


#https://www.godaddy.com/en-ca/whois

Canada

Image Domains Desktop

Image Website Options Desktop
Image Wds Desktop

    Image Grow Desktop

1-866-938-1119



Hire an Expert
Blog
Help
Sign In
Search the WHOIS database

Just for you: ‪C$0.99*‬ .com or .ca domain.

See cart for final pricing. Limit one per customer. Need more domains? Check out our other deals.
Why choose GoDaddy?

With 84+ million domains under management, we have more experience than anyone. We'll make sure you find the right domain and that it's got a secure home online.
Domain Registrar Green 165X235

World's largest registrar
More people trust us than any other domain provider. Since the right domain name can set you up for future success, you don't want to mess around. Go with the world's largest registrar.
Search Green 165 235

Enormous selection
Every time you enter a name in our domain search box, our powerful engine searches the web's enormous pool of names. There's no better place to find the right domain name for your business.
Girl On Laptop Green 165X235

Award-winning support
Stumped by...anything? Our smart, friendly domain experts are here to help. Call them at 1-866-938-1119.
* Disclaimers

Get the help you need 24/7. Call our expert Guides on 1-866-938-1119. We're here for you every step of the way.

We love taking your call.
GoDaddy guides

    About GoDaddy
        About Us
        Contact Us
        Newsroom
        Investor Relations
        Careers
        Trust Center
        Legal
        GoDaddy Blog
    Support
        Product Support
        Community
        Report Abuse
        Resources
    Resources
        Webmail
        WHOIS
        ICANN Confirmation
        Designers & Developers
        Redeem Code
        Product Catalog
    Partner Programs
        Affiliates
        Reseller Programs
        GoDaddy Pro
    Account
        My Products
        Renewals & Billing
        Create Account
    Shopping
        Domain Search
        Websites
        WordPress
        Hosting
        Web Security
        Email & Office
        Promos

    Legal
    Privacy Policy
    Advertising Preferences
    Cookies



#https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/WHOIS

This article is about a method for checking information about ownership of a domain name. For an IRC command called WHOIS, see List of Internet Relay Chat commands § WHOIS.

WHOIS (pronounced as the phrase "who is") is a query and response protocol that is widely used for querying databases that store the registered users or assignees of an Internet resource, such as a domain name, an IP address block or an autonomous system, but is also used for a wider range of other information. The protocol stores and delivers database content in a human-readable format.[1] The current iteration of the WHOIS protocol was drafted by the Internet Society, and is documented in RFC 3912.

Whois is also the name of the command-line utility on most UNIX systems used to make WHOIS protocol queries.


#https://www.squarespace.com/website/domains

Templates
Log In
Get Started

Showcase
Blog
Help
Forum
Webinars
Search for your domain name.

Start typing to search for available domain names. 
HelloClay.com
Already have a domain?

Transfer your domain to Squarespace in just a few easy steps.
Fair pricing with no hidden fees

Buying a domain with Squarespace is simple and straightforward. There are no hidden fees, price hikes, or ads.
Squarespace
Others
Features
Low initial cost
Renews at same rate
SSL certificates included
WHOIS privacy included
Spam-free parking page
Easy DNS management
Simple domain management

At Squarespace, we believe in form as well as function. That’s why our domain management tool allows you to do everything from editing your DNS records to forwarding your URL in a way that’s both simple and beautiful.
Free SSL & WHOIS privacy

Free SSL security

Every domain that points to a Squarespace site comes with a free SSL certificate so your visitors can see that your website is secure.

Free WHOIS privacy

Squarespace takes privacy seriously. We automatically provide WHOIS privacy for all eligible domains, free of charge.
Desktop holding page
Spam-free holding pages

Not ready to create a website? Don’t worry. When you register your domain with Squarespace, we’ll set up a beautiful, spam-free holding page while you finalize your vision.
Frequently asked questions

How much does a domain name cost with Squarespace?

All Squarespace sites on an annual plan include one custom domain, free for its first year. Additional domains are between $20 and $70 per year.

How can I get a free domain?

When choosing an annual website plan, you can register your first domain through Squarespace free for its first year.

How do I choose a domain name?

Your domain name should reinforce your brand and be easy to find. If you have a business name already, try to use that as a guide.

If I buy a domain but my site isn’t ready, what happens?

While your site is under construction, Squarespace provides a beautiful, simple holding page (free of any ads) until you’re ready to launch.

Will I have domain or WHOIS privacy?

Yes. Domain privacy is included for free with all domains registered through Squarespace. To learn more, visit our guide to WHOIS privacy.

How do I get an email with my domain name?

You can get custom email addresses to use with your Squarespace Domain through our partnership with Google Workspace.

Can I move my domain between Squarespace sites?

Yes. If you registered a domain through Squarespace and want to use it with a different Squarespace site, you can move it from your Domains panel.

What happens to my domain if I delete my Squarespace site?

If you delete your Squarespace site, you’ll have the option to let your domain expire, renew it for an annual fee, or transfer to a new provider. If you renew, you’ll continue to manage the domain through Squarespace.
Lilies and shears
Already have a domain?

If you’ve already registered a domain name from a third-party provider, you can simply transfer it to Squarespace.
Start Domain Transfer
How to buy a domain name
Get Started →→

    Search for your name, business, or brand name.

    Check the availability of domain names on a wide range of domain extensions.

    Select one or more domain names and domain extensions.

    Register your selected domains with Squarespace so you can manage them in one place.

    Check out and pay.

Ready to make it real? Find the perfect domain name.
Find Your Domain

Website Templates
Websites
Domains
Online Stores
Tock
Extensions
Marketing Tools
Email Marketing
Scheduling
Social Media Tools
Professional Email
Logo Maker
Premium Services
Pricing
Feature List
Website Examples
Featured Customers
Businesses
Online Stores
Etsy Sellers
Restaurants
Artists
Bloggers
Photographers
Weddings
Enterprise
Students
About
Careers
Investors
Our Brand
Affiliates
Press & Media
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Security Measures
Contact Us
Help Center
Hire an Expert
Forum
Webinars
Developer Platform
Professionals
Newsroom
Squarespace Blog
Engineering Blog
Service Status
Instagram
YouTube
LinkedIn
Facebook
Twitter


#https://www.networksolutions.com

    Domain Name Search

    Domain Transfer

    Domain Forwarding

    Private Domain Registration

    Domain Expiration Protection

    Premium Domain Names

    WHOIS Search

    Trademark Protection

    Domain Management

    Buy a Domain

    Domain Extensions

DO IT YOURSELF

    Website Builder

    eCommerce Website Builder

    Accept Online Payment

WEBSITE SERVICES

    Website Design & Copy

    eCommerce Design & Copy

    Web Hosting

    WordPress

    SSL Certificates

    Trusted Site Seal

    Website Security

    Cyber Security Solution

EMAIL

    Professional Email

    Professional Email Plus

    Mobile Email

    Hosted Exchange Email

PRODUCTIVITY

    Microsoft® Office 365

    Google Workspace

    DO IT YOURSELF

        SEO Tool

        Directory Tool

        Email Marketing

    MARKETING SERVICES

        SEO Services

        Business Directories

        Pay-Per-Click Advertising
    IT Services

RENEW SERVICES
WHOIS Lookup
African American female professional performing a domain search on a laptop
What is WHOIS? 
When you register a domain name, the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers (ICANN) requires your domain name registrar to submit your personal contact information to the WHOIS database. Once your listing appears in this online domain WHOIS directory, it is publicly available to anyone who chooses to check domain names using the WHOIS search tool.

As an accredited domain names registrar, Network Solutions® must comply with the WHOIS database requirements set forth by ICANN. However, in an effort to ensure that customers feel comfortable with the visibility of their personal information, Network Solutions offers three options for your WHOIS database listing.
check

Individuals check domain names for expiration dates
check

Registrars check domain names
when transferring ownership
check

Authorities check domain names when investigating criminal activity
WHOIS features
Smiling man sitting at a dining table with a laptop and coffee mug in front of him
WHOIS Lookup

Our WHOIS lookup services are designed to help you achieve convenience and peace of mind. Our exceptional customer service team is here to help guide you through the simple WHOIS setup process, while our private WHOIS database listing ensures your information is protected. You can also use our WHOIS lookup services to find out when that your domain you have your eye on is set to expire, as well as who owns it, if their information is public. Choose Network Solutions for your reliable WHOIS provider.
Public WHOIS Database Listing

If you're comfortable with having your information available to the public — and don't want the extra fee associated with private domain registration — Network Solutions will submit a public listing to the WHOIS lookup database. This listing will include your name, address, phone number, email address and domain name expiration date. Your website hosting IP address and host name will also be listed.
Women performing a WHOIS database lookup on a desktop computer
Man sitting in front of a desktop reviewing a website
Private WHOIS Database Listing

Having your personal information made available to the public will increase your risk of becoming a victim of hackers, spammers and even data miners. To keep your contact information out of the hands of those who may use it maliciously, Network Solutions® offers private domain name registration. For a small monthly fee, we'll act as your proxy — which means that anyone who does a WHOIS lookup for your domain name information will find our contact information, not yours.

NOTICE AND TERMS OF USE: You are not authorized to access or query our WHOIS database through the use of high-volume, automated, electronic processes or for the purpose or purposes of using the data in any manner that violates these terms of use. The Data in Network Solutions' WHOIS database is provided by Network Solutions for information purposes only, and to assist persons in obtaining information about or related to a domain name registration record. Network Solutions does not guarantee its accuracy. By submitting a WHOIS query, you agree to abide by the following terms of use: You agree that you may use this Data only for lawful purposes and that under no circumstances will you use this Data to: (1) allow, enable, or otherwise support the transmission of mass unsolicited, commercial advertising or solicitations via direct mail, e-mail, telephone, or facsimile; or (2) enable high volume, automated, electronic processes that apply to Network Solutions (or its computer systems). The compilation, repackaging, dissemination or other use of this Data is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent of Network Solutions. You agree not to use high-volume, automated, electronic processes to access or query the WHOIS database. Network Solutions reserves all rights and remedies it now has or may have in the future, including, but not limited to, the right to terminate your access to the WHOIS database in its sole discretion, for any violations by you of these terms of use, including without limitation, for excessive querying of the WHOIS database or for failure to otherwise abide by these terms of use. Network Solutions reserves the right to modify these terms at any time.

    Products
        Domain Names
        Website Builder
        Hosting
        eCommerce Website Builder
        Email & Productivity
        Google Workspace
        SSL Certificates
        Cyber Security
        Trademark Protection

    Support
        Customer Service
        Report Abuse
        Report Ethical Hacking

    Resources
        Network Solutions Blog
        WHOIS Search
        Site Map
        Business Solutions

    Programs
        Affiliate Program
        Reseller Program
        Platinum Program
        Special Offers

    About Network Solutions
        About Us
        Why Choose Us
        Careers

